Add callouts to 1.13 docs to help users find search and actions docs (#1022)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.13.x/docs/language/block/resource.mdx

# `resource` block reference

<Note>

> The beta release of Terraform 1.14 lets you trigger automations outside of Terraform with actions. Refer to the [Invoke an action](/terraform/language/v1.14.x/invoke-actions) beta documentation for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform `v1.14.x (beta)` adds the `action_trigger` block to the `resource` block so that you can trigger actions  outside of Terraform CRUD operations. Refer to the [Invoke an action](/terraform/language/v1.14.x/invoke-actions) beta documentation for more information.
```
Should we link to the new version of this page instead?

The `resource` block defines a piece of infrastructure and specifies the settings for Terraform to create it with. The arguments that an individual resource supports are determined by the provider. Refer to the provider documentation for more information about specific resource configuration.

<Note>

> Terraform `v1.14.x (beta)` adds the `action_trigger` block to the `resource` block so that you can trigger actions  outside of Terraform CRUD operations. Refer to the [Invoke an action](/terraform/language/v1.14.x/invoke-actions) beta documentation for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform `v1.14.x (beta)` supports the `action_trigger` block, which you can add to resource configurations to trigger actions outside of Terraform CRUD operations. Refer to the [Invoke an action](/terraform/language/v1.14.x/invoke-actions) beta documentation for more information.
```
Less clunky? At least it fixes the extra space I introduced.
